                                                 The Flight Reservation System

1. How to use

	The system has 2 modes of access: Admin and User. Both modes allow you to search for flights for a specified route taken as input. 
	Both admins and users have unique login ids along with a password.
	
	The Admin can add new flights/remove existing flights/modify flight details. 
	
	The User can Book tickets by specifying the route and the date.
	
	The sign-up page can set up new user accounts which are ready to use.
	
	1.1 Admin actions
		
		When an admin adds a new flight, they are asked to input all the flight details after which the flight is added to the database. 
		This flight is then accessible to all users and admins for viewing/booking.
		
		When an admin removes a flight, the flight is removed from the database and is no longer accssible to anyone. Any past booking of 
		this flight is flagged in the booking database as cancelled(Note it is not removed but flagged). If the user tries to view previously
		booked tickets to this cancelled flight, they are updated about the cancellation.
		
		The admin can only modify the pricing and arrival/departure times of a flight. If they have to edit the airline/flight number, they
		will have to remove the flight and add a new one, as editing these details amounts to making a new flight itself. These modifications
		will be visible to all during viewing/booking flights.
		
	1.2 User Actions
		
		The User can view flights by specifying the desired source and destination and can choose to proceed to booking the flight or return to
		the menu. 
		
		The user can book flights by specifying the route and date(the year has to be greater than 2021), and then selecting the flight number
		from the available flights displayed on screen. The user will then have to choose between economy/business seats following which they 
		will have to enter the number of infants,children and adults specifically. The system will then ask passenger details for every individual
		which includes name, gender and age. This concludes the booking and the user can choose to display the detailed bill or return to the 
		menu.
		
		The user can also chose to view their booked tickets. The system will display the booking reference codes of all the bookings made by 
		the user and the user has to input the reference code of the booking of which the ticket has to be displayed. After the ticket is 
		displayed, the user can return to the menu.

2. Documents used

	2.1 flightdata.txt
		
		This file stores the details of all flights. The format is as follows:
		
		Source Destination Airline Flight_number Departure_time Arrival_time Economy_price Business_price
		
		All flights are daily flights. The Economy_price and Business_price are the ticket costs for an adult seat in economy class and business
		class respectively. The ticket price of a seat for a child is 75% that of the adult seat and 50% of the adult seat for an infant.
		
		flightdatatemp.txt is an internal file used as a buffer file during file modification.
		
	2.2 bookings.txt
	
		This file records the details of all the bookings made by all users. The format is as follows:
		Flight_number Date Class Username Passenger_type Passenger_name Passenger_gender Passenger_age Booking_reference_code
		
		This stores the booking of every passenger. In case the admin cancels a particular flight, the format of the tickets that are affected is
		as follows:
		
		*Flight_number Date Class Username Passenger_type Passenger_name Passenger_gender Passenger_age Booking_reference_code
		
		The '*' in the beginning flags the booking as a cancelled flight. 
		
		bookingbackup.txt is an internal file used as a buffer file during file modification.
		
	2.3 User_data.txt
	
		This file stores the details of all users. The format is as follows:
		
		username password Name contact_number gender
		
		User_datatemp.txt is an internal file used as a buffer file during file modification.
		
	2.4 Admin_data.txt
	
		This file stores the details of all admin accounts. The format is as follows:
		
		username password Name contact_number gender